Update readme with a deprecation warning (#379)
hacspec/hacspec: Readme.md

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hacspec/hacspec/master/img/mascot.png" width=100 style="float: left;"> A specification language for crypto primitives in Rust.

> _This is the successor of https://github.com/HACS-workshop/hacspes but a predecessor of https://github.com/hacspec/hacspec-v2. **Development in this repository has mostly stopped**, see hacspec-v2 instead._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This is the successor of https://github.com/HACS-workshop/hacspec but a predecessor of https://github.com/hacspec/hax. **Development in this repository has mostly stopped**, see hax instead._
```
